feat: adding android collect guide (#35)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/guides/collect/collect-data-with-android.mdx

import { Alert } from "@site/src/components/shared/Alert";
import { AuthButtons } from "@site/src/components/docs/AuthButtons";
import AndroidResultImage from "@site/static/img/android/android_collect_guide_result.png"

# Collect Data with Android

> This guide will show you how to collect data in an Android application without touching the data. We will collect card numbers.

Reviewer: Or just delete the second sentence - it doesn't add much to this intro.

Key concepts in this guide:

- [Tokens](/docs/concepts/what-are-tokens)
- [Applications](/docs/api/applications)
- [Android Elements](/docs/sdks/mobile/android)

## Getting Started

> To get started, you will need a Basis Theory account.

Reviewer 2: Link to the portal here, so if someone doesn't have an account, they can sign up.

[Click here](https://portal.basistheory.com/applications/create?permissions=token%3Acreate&type=public&name=Collect%20Data%20from%20Android%20Guide) to create a Public Application or
[login to your Basis Theory account](https://portal.basistheory.com/applications) and create a new application with the following settings:

- Name - Collect Data from Android Guide
- Application Type - Public
- Permissions - `token:create`

<Alert>
  Save the API Key from the created Public Application as it will be used later
  in this guide to initialize the form.
</Alert>

## Setup the Project

We will create a new Android application through Android Studio. If you don't have Android Studio, download it [here](https://developer.android.com/studio).

1. Launch Android Studio, then click `New Project`. On the `Phone and Tablet` tab select `Empty Activity` and click `Next`.

2. For the `Name` enter "Android Collect Guide", and for the `Package name` use your organization's name. Leave the remaining settings as is and click `Finish`.

This will launch Android Studio with the newly created project. Wait a bit for it to set up and Gradle sync to finish.

## Install the Android Elements SDK

> We will need to install Basis Theory's [Android Elements SDK](/docs/sdks/mobile/android), which will render a secure
> [EditText](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/widget/EditText) View for capturing the data.

Reviewer: I wouldn't mention EditText, especially so early here - that is an encapsulated implementation detail that could change. Maybe change to:

```suggestion
We will need to install Basis Theory's [Android Elements SDK](/docs/sdks/mobile/android), which will be used to render a View to securely capture the data.
```

```kotlin showLineNumbers
class MainActivity : AppCompatActivity() {

    // highlight-start
    private lateinit var cardNumberElement: CardNumberElement
    // highlight-end

    override fun onCreate(savedInstanceState: Bundle?) {
        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState)
        setContentView(R.layout.activity_main)

        // highlight-start
        cardNumberElement = findViewById(R.id.card_number)
        // highlight-end
    }
}
```

With the card number element reference declared, we can now style it with the following code:

```kotlin showLineNumbers
class MainActivity : AppCompatActivity() {

    private lateinit var cardNumberElement: CardNumberElement

    override fun onCreate(savedInstanceState: Bundle?) {
        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState)
        setContentView(R.layout.activity_main)

        cardNumberElement = findViewById(R.id.card_number)

        // highlight-start
        cardNumberElement.setPadding(5, 5, 5, 5)
        cardNumberElement.hint = "Placeholder"
        cardNumberElement.textColor = Color.WHITE
        cardNumberElement.background = Color.LTGRAY.toDrawable()
        // highlight-end
    }
}
```

> ## Tokenize the card number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tokenize the Card Number
```

> We want to be able to tokenize the value within `CardNumberElement` without exposing it to our Android application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to be able to tokenize the value within the `CardNumberElement` without exposing it to our Android application.
```

`tokenize` function on this service to tokenize the card number as shown below:

```kotlin showLineNumbers
class MainActivity : AppCompatActivity() {

    private lateinit var cardNumberElement: CardNumberElement
    private lateinit var button: Button

    // highlight-start
    private val bt = BasisTheoryElements.builder()
        .apiKey("test_1234567890")
        .build()
    // highlight-end

    override fun onCreate(savedInstanceState: Bundle?) {
        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState)
        setContentView(R.layout.activity_main)

        cardNumberElement = findViewById(R.id.card_number)
        button = findViewById(R.id.tokenize_button)

        cardNumberElement.setPadding(5, 5, 5, 5)
        cardNumberElement.hint = "Placeholder"
        cardNumberElement.textColor = Color.WHITE
        cardNumberElement.background = Color.LTGRAY.toDrawable()

        // highlight-start
        button.setOnClickListener {
            tokenize()
        }
       // highlight-end
    }

    // highlight-start
    private fun tokenize() {

>         runBlocking {
>             val tokenizeResponse = bt.tokenize(object {
>                 val type = "card_number"
>                 val data = cardNumberElement
>             })
> 
>             println(tokenizeResponse)
>         }

Reviewer: It's functionally the same, but it may be better to instruct users to pull the value out of the coroutine and operate on it outside like 
```suggestion
        val tokenizeResponse = runBlocking {
            bt.tokenize(object {
                val type = "card_number"
                val data = cardNumberElement
            })
        }

        println(tokenizeResponse)
```
